[EDU-5767] feat: new buttercms guide (#1440)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/butter-cms.mdx

---
title: How to deploy a web application based on ButterCMS using templates
description: The ButterCMS templates are headless content management systems to build and manage content-driven websites through APIs.
meta_tags: 'templates, guides, Azion Marketplace, butter, cms, angular, gatsby, nuxt, react, vue'
namespace: docs_guides_butter_templates_collection
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/butter-templates-collection/
---

import Tag from 'primevue/tag';

<Tag severity="info" client:only="vue">
Preview
</Tag>

> The **ButterCSM Templates** collection offers configurations for making collaborative content management of your app easier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **ButterCSM Templates** collection offers configurations for making collaborative content management of your application easier. 
```

- **ButterCMS + Angular Starter Project**: create a fully-functional Angular starter project, integrated with ButterCMS. It uses version `15.1.2.` of Angular.
- **ButterCMS + Nuxt Starter Project**: create a fully-functional Nuxt starter project, integrated with ButterCMS. It uses version `3.2.3` of Nuxt.
- **ButterCMS + React Starter Project**: create a fully-functional React starter project, integrated with ButterCMS. It uses version `18.2.0` of React.
- **ButterCMS + Vue.js Starter Project**: create a fully-functional Vue.js starter project, integrated with ButterCMS. It uses version `3.2.45` of Vue.js.

The deployment process for each of these templates creates a GitHub repository for your project, along with an edge application and a domain. This setup enables easy access and management of your VuePress application through the Azion Edge Platform.

---

## Requirements

- A [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup) to connect with Azion and create your new repository.
  - Every push will be deployed automatically to this repository to keep your project updated.
- Have a [ButterCMS](https://buttercms.com/) account.

> - This template uses [Application Accelerator](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/application-accelerator/), [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/), and [Edge Cache](https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-cache/), and it could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These templates use [Application Accelerator](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/application-accelerator/), [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/), and [Edge Cache](https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-cache/), and it could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.
```
